(a) In a non-Agile project, who is equivalent to the Product Owner? Explain the role and need of the Product Owner in Agile Methodology.
        The equivalent of the Product Owner would be a Project Manager. A Product Owner is responsibile for overseeing, prioritizing,
        and directing the team's tasks to make sure all team members are being utilized fully at all teams to the best of their ability which
        further yields an efficient development process for the Agile Project. Also, they interact consistently with the market and consumers
        to ensure the priorities of the team are moving in the correct direction.
(b) Explain the role and responsibilities of the Scrum Master vs the Product Owner.
        The role and responsibilities of the Scrum Master lie in fascilitating the execution of Scrum correctly and efficiently. This is done
        by enforcing the Scrum guidelines, framework, and processes on the Scrum project and continueing to guide and mentor the team to
        correctly follow them. The Product Owner is more of a controller of the Scrum backlog and product vision/strategy because they are
        more focused on figuring out what features to prioritize in Scrum and what the overall vision and plan is for the project. Overall,
        the Scrum Master is more focused on ensuring Scrum is executed correctly while the Product Owner is ensuring the team is working
        in the correct direction and prioritizing the correct workflow.
(c) What are the 3 types of meetings that happen during a sprint cycle? List at least 2 points on what needs to be discussed during each of these meetings.
        The 3 types are Sprint Planning Meeting, Sprint Retrospective Meeting, and Scrum Meeting.
        Sprint Planning Meeting:
            - Plan tasks for the Sprint
            - Task Effort estimation and Task allocation
        Sprint Retrospective Meeting:
            - Look back on completed sprint
            - Assess weak points, move unfinished tasks to backlog
        Scrum Meeting:
            - Daily meetings
            - What was completed yesterday
            - What will be completed today and any blockers
(d) Differentiate between Epic, story, Bug, and Task issue types in JIRA
        Epic: Refers to a large body of work which often can include multiple sprints and is often a large component of overall project.
        Story: Refers to a user-centric requirement that often has multiple tasks/issues inside of it, but much smaller than an epic.
        Bug: Refers to a problem or defect in the software or development of the software which can block stories and/or tasks/issues from being completed.
        Task: Refers to smaller pieces of a story that need to be completed and are often much more specific than a story. Also easily tracked in workflow.